I don't know anymore, but in my health. Programming is dead. Well, long live programming, because as many times as we want to kill programming, in the end, I don't know how it does it, but it always survives. I'm Miguel Ángel Durán, with more than 15 years of experience developing software. You can find me on all social networks where they let me be as Midudev. I have a community of more than 3 million wonderful people, who I hope are here among them, and I thank them infinitely for being part of this community. Thank you very, very, very much. Thank you from the bottom of my heart, really. I appreciate it a lot. I have to warn, especially that guy who is now looking for my Instagram saying, "Let's see, let's see if I'm in a bikini." Well, I have a bad, a good, and a bad piece of news. If you search for Midudev, I do appear in a bikini, but it's this one, okay? It's my Indian cousin who is a swimwear model, and yes, if you search for Midudev, you'll find him there. This is not me, okay? No, how much this guy has changed, huh? Since he started running, my goodness. No, no, well, it's just not me. On Instagram, I'm Midu.dev, this, this is me. I say it so that you are happy when you enter Midu.dev and don't get any surprises. I'm also famous because now I have a fight with the Football League in Spain. Uh, I've been in the newspaper because I found that the League blocks us. Now when there's football, it blocks a lot of websites to try to combat piracy. And and this is my arch-enemy, who is the president of the League, his name is Javier Tebas, okay? And Javier Tebas says, "But they are pages of four geeks," the scoundrel, right? Well, what are we going to do. Also in Chile, nearby here, I appear in the newspapers for things like this. "They cut your salary, Spanish influencer destroys Chilean job offer for false part-time schedule." And this photo, this photo is real. I don't know, I mean, it looks like I'm doing, that I'm at the doctor's, well, anyway, I'm not going to explain what I'm doing, it looks like I'm doing. I prefer to think it's a bit more like this. Okay? To destroy job offers that are bad. Well, this, this is me, this is me. But I've come to talk to you about a lot of things, as I've found out that
